Add support for complex conditions in pulumi.com/waitFor annotation (#3634)
pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fix deprecation warnings and docs. (<https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/918>).

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix deprecation warnings and docs. (<https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/918> and <https://github.com> /pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/921).```

> - Fix deprecation warnings and docs. (<https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/918>).

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix deprecation warnings and docs. (<https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/918> and <https://github.com> /pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/921).
```

### Important

> This release disables the dry-run diff behavior introduced in `0.25.3` by default. A new flag has

Author: ```suggestion
This release reverts the default diff behavior back to the pre-`0.25.3` behavior. A new flag has
```
